Documents/SLA.md, before:

# Service Level Agreement


## Introduction
This is a formal service commitment between **GroupE-Development** & **GroupF-Operation**.  
The document intends to create a contract between the two to have a common agreement on the operational of the application.   The document only gives an operational view of Hackernews and has nothing to do with the development of the application.  That is stated in another contract.  

## Terms
The SLA is valid as of 2nd of November 2017 and until 31st of January 2018.  
In case of changes to this SLA, a new version of the SLA must be prepared and renewed in order to be valid.  

## Scope
This SLA only covers the application **Hackernews**. 

A high level description of the application and platform can be [found at the Github Page](https://github.com/KIMB0/LSD_frontend/blob/master/Documents/Requirements%20Analysis%20Document.md)  

## Service Hours
Unless anything else is stated, these service hours are in effect for this SLA:  
* Availability of Hackernews is **24/7/365**. Except when maintenance is announced.
* Contact and response time from Group14 is: **07.00AM - 05.00PM, Monday-Friday**. In weekends only Issue Requests with Urgent or Important priority is handled. 
* Each month information regarding **maintenance** will be announced in advance 
* **Extraordinary closedowns** will be announced through Github or if people has entered their E-mail address in the application

## Application 

### High Availability (Uptime)  
Hackernews will function **95%** of the time. 
Each percent under the threshold will give a credit of **0.5%** back of the total amount paid for the service.  
The KPI is not counting when the monthly maintenance is ongoing.

### Mean Time Recovery

### Quality Assurance

### Change Request
A Change Request states that there is something at Application Level that has to be changed from a development perspective. This KPI does not follow the same priority types as Incident Requests, since it is hard to know whether a new feature or a bug will take 5 minutes or 5 days. 
When a Change is ongoing, the responsible for the Change Request will state how long they think it will take. 

### Issue Request / Response Time
There will be four priority types of issues for the current Hackernews application. Each type has its own KPI.  
**1 - Urgent Incident - 6 hours  
2 - Important Incident - 12 hours  
3 - Moderate Incident - 72 hours  
4 - Minor Incident - 168 hours**  

The hours are defined as a TTR (Time-to-respond). On **Urgent** & **Important** incidents there will always be taken care of it right away. These are also incidents priorities where the operation team / customer has to take contact with the development team.  
For all other priorities, its only needful to create an issue on [**Github**, which can be done on this hyperlink](https://github.com/AlexanderFalk/hackernews_backend/issues).   

### Major Incidents
This is a new line

## General
Everything is monthly based. This means that at the end of the month the KPI's will be evalutated. If they are above the thresholds set in the SLA-agreement, the customer will not get any credit. If it is below the thresholds, a calculation will be made for the customer. 

The whole contract is apealed if a global issue occurs. This could be certificates failure from **Globalsign**, a infrastructure breakdown at **Hetzner.com**, natural disasters, or similar issues. This is out of our hands and therefore Group14 can't take responsibility for these causes.

Commit message:

Supplied a few details at MTTR

Documents/SLA.md, after:

# Service Level Agreement


## Introduction
This is a formal service commitment between **GroupE-Development** & **GroupF-Operation**.  
The document intends to create a contract between the two to have a common agreement on the operational of the application.   The document only gives an operational view of Hackernews and has nothing to do with the development of the application.  That is stated in another contract.  

## Terms
The SLA is valid as of 2nd of November 2017 and until 31st of January 2018.  
In case of changes to this SLA, a new version of the SLA must be prepared and renewed in order to be valid.  

## Scope
This SLA only covers the application **Hackernews**. 

A high level description of the application and platform can be [found at the Github Page](https://github.com/KIMB0/LSD_frontend/blob/master/Documents/Requirements%20Analysis%20Document.md)  

## Service Hours
Unless anything else is stated, these service hours are in effect for this SLA:  
* Availability of Hackernews is **24/7/365**. Except when maintenance is announced.
* Contact and response time from Group14 is: **07.00AM - 05.00PM, Monday-Friday**. In weekends only Issue Requests with Urgent or Important priority is handled. 
* Each month information regarding **maintenance** will be announced in advance 
* **Extraordinary closedowns** will be announced through Github or if people has entered their E-mail address in the application

## Application 

### High Availability (Uptime)  
Hackernews will function **95%** of the time. 
Each percent under the threshold will give a credit of **0.5%** back of the total amount paid for the service.  
The KPI is not counting when the monthly maintenance is ongoing.

### Mean Time Recovery
The average time that it will take for the service to recover from failure can vary greatly. It is very difficult to estimate recovery time for a hypothetical issue. That said, any fatal failure to the system will be handled as an **Urgent Incident** (see the *Issue request / Response Time* paragraph for more details).

### Quality Assurance

### Change Request
A Change Request states that there is something at Application Level that has to be changed from a development perspective. This KPI does not follow the same priority types as Incident Requests, since it is hard to know whether a new feature or a bug will take 5 minutes or 5 days. 
When a Change is ongoing, the responsible for the Change Request will state how long they think it will take. 

### Issue Request / Response Time
There will be four priority types of issues for the current Hackernews application. Each type has its own KPI.  
**1 - Urgent Incident - 6 hours  
2 - Important Incident - 12 hours  
3 - Moderate Incident - 72 hours  
4 - Minor Incident - 168 hours**  

The hours are defined as a TTR (Time-to-respond). On **Urgent** & **Important** incidents there will always be taken care of it right away. These are also incidents priorities where the operation team / customer has to take contact with the development team.  
For all other priorities, its only needful to create an issue on [**Github**, which can be done on this hyperlink](https://github.com/AlexanderFalk/hackernews_backend/issues).   

### Major Incidents
This is a new line

## General
Everything is monthly based. This means that at the end of the month the KPI's will be evalutated. If they are above the thresholds set in the SLA-agreement, the customer will not get any credit. If it is below the thresholds, a calculation will be made for the customer. 

The whole contract is apealed if a global issue occurs. This could be certificates failure from **Globalsign**, a infrastructure breakdown at **Hetzner.com**, natural disasters, or similar issues. This is out of our hands and therefore **Group E** can't take responsibility for these causes.
